# Uneven Automation: AI's Impact on Software Engineering Varies by Task Difficulty and Data Availability

## Overview
The study examines the impact of AI on software engineering tasks by using
Stack Overflow questions as a proxy, based on publicly available archival data.


---

## Data Availability
* The raw data analyzed in this study are publicly available from the
**Stack Exchange Data Dump**:
https://archive.org/details/stackexchange

* Due to the large size of the dataset, the raw data are **not hosted in this repository**.
Instead, this repository provides scripts for downloading, preprocessing, and analyzing
the data.

* The analyses are based on the Stack Exchange Data Dump released on **December 3, 2023**.

---

## Repository Structure
```text
.
├── data/                      # Small demo dataset
├── data_availability/         # Script for measuring data availability
├── difficulty/                # Script for measuring difficulty
├── submission/                # Script for visualizing the figures in manuscript
├── util/                      # Library for commonly used function 
├── requirements.txt           # Python dependencies
└── README.md
```

## Software and Code Documentation

### 1. System requirements

### Operating system
The code has been tested on the following operating systems:
- Ubuntu 22.04 LTS

### Software dependencies
- Python 3.10
- Required Python packages are listed in `requirements.txt`

### Hardware requirements
Running large language models such as LLaMA 3.1 70B requires high-performance GPU resources. 
Inference was performed using GPUs with sufficient memory capacity
(e.g., NVIDIA A100 or H100 GPUs, or equivalent multi-GPU configurations).
No specialized hardware beyond GPUs and standard CPU/RAM resources was required.

---

## 2. Installation guide

### Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/myokyunghan/uneven_automation.git
   cd uneven_automation
   ```
2. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Installation typically takes approximately 10-15 minutes on a standard desktop comuter, excluding GPU driver and CUDA installation.


## 3. Demo
Due to the size of the full Stack Exchange Data Dump, a small demo dataset (containing a subset of Stack Overflow questions) is included in the repository
under the data/demo/ directory.
Alternatively, the demo can be run using a randomly sampled subset generated by the code.




